# This is a fork repo
The original project can be found at [](github.com/airblade/vim-rooter) but the
modification that I applyed maybe are too personal so I preferred to keep this
repo as a fork

# Rooter

Rooter is a Vim plugin which changes the working directory to the project root
when you open a file.

The project root is identified by the presence of known directory, such as a VCS
directory, or file, such as a Rakefile or a "Container" directory.  Currently
git, darcs, mercurial, bazaar, and subversion are supported.


## Use

By default you don't need to do anything: vim-rooter will change the working
directory automatically.

You can always invoke vim-rooter manually.


## Configuration

You can change the manual-invocation mapping by adding this to your `.vimrc`:

    map <silent> <unique> <Leader>foo <Plug>RooterChangeToRootDirectory

where `<Leader>foo` is the mapping you want.

To stop vim-rooter changing directory automatically, add this to your `.vimrc`:

    let g:rooter_manual_only = 1

You can set your own directory and file patterns like this:

    let g:rooter_patterns = ['Rakefile', '.git/']

Note: these patterns will be added to the default ones unless the
`g:rooter_merge_default_patterns = 0` is set in your `.vimrc` Also note
directories should have a trailing slash.

### Container Directory

If a pattern like this is set inside the `g:rooter_patterns`

    let g:rooter_patterns = ['~/some/path/{}']

With this directories:

```
+-~/
| +-some
| | +-path
| | | +-project1
| | | +-project2
```

Open a file inside project1 would set ~/some/path/project1 as local current
directory

You can have vim-rooter locally change directory (`:lcd`) instead of
changing directory (`:cd`) by adding this to your `.vimrc`:

    let g:rooter_use_lcd = 1

When vim-rooter encounters a non-project file, it won't change directory by default.
If you would instead like vim-rooter to change to the file's directory, do this:

    let g:rooter_change_directory_for_non_project_files = 1


## Installation

### Manual Install
Install the distributed files into your Vim script directory which is usually
~/.vim/, or $HOME/vimfiles on Windows.

### Pathogen
```
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone git://github.com/vheon/vim-rooter.git
```

### Vundle
```
Bundle 'vheon/vim-rooter'
```


